Documentation & bugfix (#426)
liquidctl/liquidctl: docs/gigabyte-rgb-fusion2-guide.md

## Lighting

The controllers have built-in support for six color modes: `off`, `fixed`, `pulse`,
`flash`, `double-flash` and `color-cycle`. The `color-cycle` mode fades between all

> color hues, but the extra [fusion_rgb_cycle.py](extra/contrib/fusion_rgb_cycle.py)

Reviewer: I think the relative address needs to start with `../extra`, since we're in `docs/`, not the root.

## Lighting

The controllers have built-in support for six color modes: `off`, `fixed`, `pulse`, `flash`, `double-flash` and `color-cycle`. The `color-cycle` mode fades between all

> color hues, but the extra `fusion_rgb_cycle` script can be used to fade between specific colors.

Reviewer: For a new user, this now contradicts a later sentence:

> The more elaborate color/animation schemes supported by the motherboard on the
addressable headers are not currently supported.

Also, I think the complete path should be used, with a link:

```diff
- `fusion_rgb_cycle`
+ [`extra/contrib/fusion_rgb_cycle.py`]
   [ ... ]
+ [`extra/contrib/fusion_rgb_cycle.py`]: ../extra/contrib/fusion_rgb_cycle.py
```

---

(Nitpick:) in the same paragraph, either hard wrap at ~80 columns (strongly preferred), or don't hard wrap at all.

Author: My reason for putting it where I did was to give the user a summary of their options for patterns in one place. I think that sentence is still broadly true (for instance the motherboard supports an audio-driven color scheme I think), but I've tweaked it to be clear there :)

Author: (Take a look at the current diff and see if that seems good?)

Reviewer: That makes sense.  When I first read it really didn't raise any flags, it's just later that I noticed what a new user could find a bit confusing.  But it's good now, thanks for the change.

```
# liquidctl set sync color off
# liquidctl set led1 color fixed 350017

> # liquidctl set led2 color pulse  

Reviewer: What's the reason for this change?

Author: Mistake, thanks for catching!

liquidctl commands and restores desired lighting effects.

[automate the configuration at boot time]: ../README.md#automation-and-running-at-boot

## Fading between colors

> The `extra/contrib/fusion_rgb_cycle.py` script can be used to have one of these controllers cycle through a list of colors of the user's choice. It uses the `fixed` mode but updates the controller continuously. It can be invoked with:

Reviewer: Link to the script.

Suggestion: s/invoked/started/

```
# extra/contrib/fusion_rgb_cycle.py 350017 ff2608
```

> If more two colors are specified, they will be cycled in turn. The [color space](https://facelessuser.github.io/coloraide/colors/) for cycling can be specified, eg `--space hsv`, channels can be specified with eg, `--channel led6` and the time in seconds for each color transition can be set with, eg `--speed 1.2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If more than two colors are specified, they will be cycled in turn. The [color space] for cycling can be specified with `--space <space>`, channels can be specified with `--channel <channel>` and the time in seconds for each color transition can be set with `--speed <seconds>`.

[color space]: https://facelessuser.github.io/coloraide/colors/
```

Author: Did you mean to remove the hyperlink to the color space docs with this change? There are quite a lot of them, and they produce quite different visual effects, so I think those docs will help some people...

Reviewer: No, I just used the split link `[link]` and link definition `[link]: url` form.  Mostly because I was already suggesting other adjustments to the paragraph, this document is doing hard line wraps, and a long URL can be a pain for those.

But elsewhere you've consistently used the normal `[link](url)` form, so you can simply ignore it.

---

That said, there's still a `than` missing at the start of the sentence.

## Fading between colors

> The [fusion_rgb_cycle.py](extra/contrib/fusion_rgb_cycle.py) script can be used to have

Reviewer: Also `../extra`.
